Clarified group membership management options (#6094)
mattermost/docs: source/channels/create-channels.rst

    .. tip::
     
     - Alternatively, select the **+** symbol at the top of the channel sidebar, then select **Open a Direct Message**. In the **Direct Messages** list, you'll see your most recent conversations.

>      - Add more people to the conversation by selecting the channel name, then selecting **Add Members**. Adding members to a group message creates a new channel and starts a new conversation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - To add more people to the conversation select the channel name, then select **Add Members**. Adding members to a group message creates a new channel and starts a new conversation.
```
